Bad move,
'cause this is checkmate.
[grunts]
[STRUDEL] I let my guard down
because he was a kid.
He used the dropped sword
to cut his ropes
and free himself,
and defeated my lieutenant
without warning.
-[rescuers shouting distantly]
-Hm?
[chuckles]
[rescuers shouting distantly]
Ah!
[ARMIRE]
What is this?
[CASSEROLE] We'll press ahead
and rush the manor!
Don't let any
of those rats escape!
-[RESCUER 1] Let's go!
-[RESCUER 2] Get them!
Hold the line, men!
[NARRATOR] This is the tale
of a genius pâtissier
whose dream of making
the world's greatest dessert
was cut short.
Now reincarnated
into another realm
as the son of a poor noble,
he pursues a world
full of desserts and smiles!
A tale that's syrupy sweet,
chock full of yummy treats,
and sprinkled
with bitter darkness.
A pastry chef who was reborn
and dreams of creating this new
world's very own land of sweets!
[rescuers screaming]
[RETAINER 1]
Don't let him escape!
Get him!
I'm frightened, Lord Pastry.
Help has just arrived.
We'll be rescued soon enough.
This ain't good at all.
The only option I have left
is to get out of here
as quickly as possible.
You really think I would
let you get away that easily?
[grunts]
-[CASSEROLE] Stop!
-Hm?
[GLACAGE]
Lord Pas! Are you hurt?
[PAS]
I'm just fine!
See to Lady Licorice!
-[CASSEROLE] Now, Glacage!
-[GLACAGE] Sir!
[groans]
♪
[STRUDEL]
I'm at a disadvantage.
Using the hardest room to escape
from as a holding cell
for the captives
is really working against me.
There's nowhere left for you
to run now!
[scoffs]
If there's no way out,
then I'll make one!
[screams]
[groans]
[PAS]
Magic?
So long, kid!
Hey, wait!
-[pants]
-Let him go, Pas!
Don't bother.
Heard loud and clear, sir.
Good grief, son.
If I'm being honest,
you bring me a world of worry.
I'm sorry.
But I'm so relieved
that you're both safe.
Me too.
-[gasps] Lord Pa--
-[FEUILLE] Kid!
Ah!
Are you okay?
Huh?
Lady Licorice!
[KADLECEK RETAINER]
I'm so glad you're safe!
-Huh!
-Ah!
House Kadlecek and House Hubarek
both sent their retainers
to accompany us.
We're here to help you.
Were you injured?
No, sir, I'm fine.
[CASSEROLE] Please return
Her Ladyship to her father
-with all due haste.
-Sir!
[groans]
Then,
we shall take our leave now.
Hm.
♪
[PAS]
So, who's behind this mess?
[FEUILLE]
We captured and arrested a man
who calls himself
Duke Luhaingo Armire.
He appeared to be attempting
an escape through the back.
So, then the House Armire, eh?
It was twenty years ago,
during the great war,
that they were investigated and
stripped of title, I believe.
Right, and they were purged
on suspicion
of secretly communicating
with the enemy.
[CASSEROLE]
You must understand, Pas.
Sir.
The ill-conceived actions
of a suzerain lord
can completely alter the destiny
of an entire family.
Learn from his mistakes.
Yes, sir.
[KADLECEK RETAINER]
Lord Morteln!
His Grace is in his estate,
awaiting details of your report,
he requests your presence.
Will you accompany us
in this carriage?
[exhales]
Sorry, we would,
but we need to take care
of the remaining stragglers.
Feuille, you can handle
the report, friend!
Ugh! But wait.
Well, since the opponent
used magic to escape the room,
we're the only ones
who can go after him now!
Right! Let's get to it, Pas!
Sir!
Ah?! Hang on a minute!
[CASSEROLE]
Based on what you know,
where do you think
that man could have gone?
Are you all right?
I don't know how he escaped.
It doesn't really seem possible.
When I approached the hole.
I got a rather distinct feeling
that there wasn't
much power left
in his spell's activation.
You're suggesting he didn't
have very much magic remaining?
Is that where you're going?
Hm.
Even if he did manage
to dig a hole and escape,
he probably wouldn't have
had enough power left
to go very far.
We have our forces
surrounding the entire area.
To think he could get away
without being seen
would be utterly ridiculous.
-[gasps]
[swords clink]
So, what would you do
if you couldn't escape
but you still needed
a way out in a pinch?
[STRUDEL] Make it seem as though
you'd already escaped
and bide your time,
then disappear at your leisure
once the enemy withdraws.
[grunts]
Or that's exactly how I'd do it.
Impressive.
You saw through everything, kid.
[groans]
Too bad for you,
it looks like
I'll have to kill the two of you
if I want to get away
from this place.
Hm? Huh?
I'll be happy to settle things
with this man by myself, Father.
[laughs] Let's see
if you can back that up.
♪
We have yet to be introduced.
My name is Pastry Mille Morteln.
May I ask yours?
[scoffs]
I threw away my family name
long before you were even born.
So, if you need
to call me something,
you can call me Strudel.
[STRUDEL]
It's almost too convenient
that this kid wants
a one-on-one duel, now,
isn't it?
He might be a bit crafty,
but he's still
an inexperienced child,
after all.
If I play my cards right,
I can take him hostage.
This just might be the way
I get myself out of this!
[grunts]
Nothing personal brat,
but I've got to get outta here!
[CASSEROLE]
Not good! His form is perfect!
-[grunts]
-[swords clang]
[sword clang]
[gasps] What the...?
-[grunts]
-[groans]
[laughs]
[groans]
What the hell!
You got me. What a dirty trick.
A little advice.
-[groans]
-In the heat of battle,
you never take your eyes off
of your weapon for any reason.
[grunts]
Well done, he's out cold.
Hm. Look at that.
-Magic?
-Yes.
♪
[PAS]
Replicate!
I see now.
You thought
of something quite clever,
break his sword
and then duel him one on one.
You had me scared to death.
You're a sneaky little rascal,
aren't you?
[chuckles]
I think I'd much prefer
that you call me
"clever" instead.
[PAS]
Although really, at this rate...
am I ever going to have time
to create
my very own land of sweets?
[PAS]
One month later,
the official engagement party
between Lord Squale
and Lady Petra was held,
bringing many people
to the royal castle.
[laughing]
[PETRA]
Thank you so much--
[PAS] Lady Petra
has never looked so happy!
[CASSEROLE] This is quite
an event for something
that was so privately announced,
isn't it?
[KADLECEK]
Oh, Lord Morteln! There you are!
-Ah?
[laugh] I've been looking
for both of you.
Why, hello there, Duke Kadlecek!
Congratulations
on the engagement.
I lack the words to express
my gratitude for the invitation.
Complete nonsense!
It is I who should
be thanking you.
How can I possibly repay you
for being the reason
we got through that trouble
without casualty?
-Lord Pastry.
-Ah?
You have my gratitude
for going to such lengths
to protect
my granddaughter-in-law,
Lady Licorice.
I did no more than my duty
as a knight, Your Grace.
[CASSEROLE]
Lord Squale cuts a fine figure.
[KADLECEK] Oh, it's not obvious
to you he's terrified?
Not only is he uncomfortable
with pageantry,
he's also sitting next
to his future bride,
with whom he fell madly in love
at first sight.
Well, I think Lord Squale looks
as if he's enjoying himself
quite a bit.
I had hoped that getting engaged
would help him
become more mature
and might even turn him
into a reliable family man.
But if a man with your military
accomplishments says
he looks carefree,
well then perhaps
I should reevaluate my grandson.
Please allow me to thank you
again, Lord Pastry.
I'm all too grateful.
-Oh, by the way, Your Grace.
-Hm?
I'd like to take the opportunity
to confirm something
regarding this event with you.
Oh?
It's about the recent
kidnapping.
There are a few
rather curious aspects
to the whole thing.
[KADLECEK]
Curious aspects?
Namely,
between the bandit's skill
and his meticulousness
in securing
multiple strongholds,
he seemed to be extremely
well prepared.
But despite all that planning,
he still managed
to make the fundamental
and fatal mistake
of kidnapping the wrong target.
Which leads me to question
whether this could have been
the result of someone
working behind the scenes
who intentionally
fed the kidnappers
misleading information
regarding Lady Petra.
And for a fallen noble
to have the connections,
one would need to prepare
multiple bases of operations
within the royal capital.
[scoffs]
That doesn't seem likely.
I can't shake the feeling
that nothing about this
seems to add up.
Mm.
[PAS] However,
I do have a theory.
All of my confusion disappears
if there was a third party
with a completely different
motive involved,
someone
with their own objective.
A third party, you say?
Someone to leak
the misleading information,
prepare connections
in a roundabout way,
and who has enough authority
to overlook an Armire
having headquarters
in the capital.
Oh, and who might that be, boy?
Well, who benefits the most
from this incident
in the first place?
[KADLECEK]
Benefits?
This mastermind had clearly
earned House Armire's ire,
so it must be someone
who gained power
after their downfall.
[sighs]
Furthermore, doesn't it seem
likely that their real motive
would be to use the incident
to completely sever
any remaining chance
of the resentful
House Armire's resurrection?
Stop there!
Are you suggesting
that this "someone"
you're referring to is me?
Hm.
Not at all, Your Grace.
It's really just something
I thought up.
I have a vivid imagination
and children
do love their tall tales,
as you know.
[KADLECEK] I regret thinking
he was merely a whelp.
But this is absurd.
This is what it means
to be bitten by your own dog!
-[CASSEROLE] Pas.
-Ah?
Mm-hm.
Hm. I apologize,
and regarding
an entirely separate matter,
Hm.
[PAS]
As you may already know,
our fief is a land
with few crops to harvest.
I have a few measures
I'd like to take,
but I lack
the proper groundwork.
So, gold?
I would be truly pleased
if a man possessed
of Your Grace's wisdom
would have sympathy
for our situation
and, perhaps,
could offer some assistance.
Ugh.
You've got me thoroughly
cornered now, tricky boy.
Well then, what would you do
if I couldn't offer any aid
or if I refused?
In that case, I might suffer
an errant slip of the tongue.
Ugh.
It just so happens
that the margrave is here.
Father and I were about
to go pay him our regards.
[clears throat]
If I were,
with a child's carelessness,
to slip a small tale
I told you--
I get it! I'll give in
to all your demands.
I shall agree to provide
all the assistance you need.
[chuckles]
You honor me, my lord.
You got the better of me.
There's something I must say,
but I'm just speaking to myself.
-Huh?
-Ah?
While I'm talking to myself,
please do ignore me.
[clears throat]
It's true that I was looking
for an opportunity
to destroy an opposing faction
in one fell swoop.
As for this abduction incident,
I did give the orders
to leak certain information
that would encourage it.
That said...
I most certainly
had no intention
of putting
my darling grandson's fiancée,
or her younger sister,
in any kind of danger.
[grunts]
I fell into my own trap.
I will confess that
I arranged the entire affair.
And no matter
what excuse I might make,
the truth is that I put
Lady Licorice in danger.
I humbly acknowledge
the accusations
and will reflect on my conduct.
Being warned is appreciated.
However, to extort me
in such a brazen way,
tells me
you're an immensely cunning boy.
You are still speaking
to yourself, right?
Well, yes of course, I was!
-[HUBAREK] Lord Morteln!
-Huh?
Margrave Hubarek.
We were coming to greet you.
This is quite the treat!
Oh, and your son is here
with you, as well!
Dear boy, I must offer
my utmost gratitude to you.
I cannot thank you enough.
Um, I am quite honored.
You've undergone your
Sanctification Ceremony already,
-have you not?
-Ah!
Mm. I have.
Is he thinking
about a "get-rich quick" scheme?
[HUBAREK] Well,
a man of your caliber's
sure to be popular.
You might find yourself
having many admirers
in the near future.
Of course,
there is no such thing
as being too early in life
to settle down!
Uh, right.
I must ask,
do you already have
your heart set
on anyone in particular?
Not yet. I think
I'm still a bit too young
to be thinking about that.
So, if you did find
someone suitable,
would you consider settling down
or you don't want a wife?
-Pa--
-I'm afraid
I haven't had the chance
to meet the right person
for me yet, sir.
-Huh?
-Oh?
What would you think
about somebody
like my daughter, then?
Ah!
Oh, hell.
Oh!
But Lady Petra's
recent engagement
is the whole reason
that we're here.
Don't be so absurd.
She's not my only daughter
who recently came of age.
-[PAS] Agh!
-I'm talking about Licorice.
Oh, Lady Licorice, huh?
-[muffled laugh]
-She wasn't opposed to the idea
and even seemed quite intrigued.
I... Um, well, wow.
I'm certainly honored, but...
surely I'm unworthy
of someone of her status.
Lady Licorice deserves
someone better than me.
Uh-huh. You said earlier
you would settle down
if you found someone
suitable for you.
However, you refuse my daughter.
Is there something about her
you don't care for?
What? No. This is bad.
[KADLECEK]
He's really making him squirm!
No. That was absolutely
not my intention.
So, that must mean
you would accept
my dear daughter?
Uh!
Um, huh, what do I say to that?
[HUBAREK]
Then it's all good?
Hm! Oh, um, I...
I certainly have no objection
to saying
that Lady Licorice is a truly
wonderful young woman, but...
You're good with this, as well,
Lord Casserole?
[CASSEROLE] He's all
but threatening us into it.
Our family would consider it
quite an honor, Your Lordship.
Father?
That's great,
the matter is settled!
[snaps fingers]
Let us assemble
the household posthaste!
Sir!
We ought to gather
the Kadleceks as well, then!
-Hey, where's my staff?
-[screams]
♪
Lord Pastry.
With my sister?
[MALE NOBLE 1]
The heir to the Fief of Morteln
has just become engaged!
[MALE NOBLE 2] Send the riders
to all lands at once
to spread the good news!
[MALE NOBLE 3]
How wonderful!
He is the one who rescued
Lady Licorice, after all!
[PAS]
Ah! This is weird.
I feel like I set out to make
some choux a la creme,
but instead I somehow ended up
making a giant cake
for my very own
wedding reception.
[MALE NOBLE 4]
And there she is now!
[PAS]
That scent.
[people chattering]
[LICORICE]
I'm so glad you're here.
I wanted to personally thank you
for being brave enough
to rescue me the other day.
Forgive me
for not saying so earlier.
[PAS] Was she always this cute
and charming?
Now then, Ladies and Gentlemen!
Raise your glasses
for I, Donachel Meal Hubarek,
have succeeded
in securing suitable companions
for both of my beautiful
and joyful daughters!
The first one,
is Lord Squale Kadlecek!
[guests whispering]
And the other one,
is the Lord Pastry Morteln!
[guests whispering
and applauding]
Not only
has House Kadlecek gained
another beautiful daughter
upon this most joyful day,
but the son of the esteemed
war hero, Lord Casserole,
as a grandson-in-law as well!
A toast
to their happiness in life!
[ALL]
A toast!
-[guests chattering]
-[sighs]
-Ah!
-Lord Pastry!
We're to become brothers-in-law
for the rest of our lives.
This is a wonderful turn
of events, isn't it?
It makes me happy, as well.
Oh, Lord Squale, thank you.
You're both kind.
Feel free to call me
"Elder Brother!"
And you may call me
"Elder Sister."
Oh, uh,
it's a bit soon for that.
♪
[sighs]
[PAS]
It all happened so quickly,
it doesn't feel real yet.
-[LICORICE] Lord Pastry?
-Huh?
Oh, Lady Licorice.
-Um, so.
-[PAS] What is it?
I'm curious.
Are you disappointed with me?
[gasps]
Hm.
No, not at all.
I'm quite happy it's you!
Oh, as am I.
You've brought me
such joy already!
You're so sweet.
Please take good care of me.
And you of me, please.
Surprise, a gift! It's for you.
I tried my best
to make homemade sweets
based on what you gave us
that one time.
[PAS]
What I gave you?
Uh!
Cookies for me?
[PAS] Was that the lovely aroma
I smelled earlier?
Try them!
Please, do help yourself!
Of course!
[PAS]
A beautiful golden brown!
I can tell she definitely got
the baking time
and the resting of the dough
just right.
Mmm.
And I think she used
high-quality flour!
I just know it'll be.
Uh...
Mmm.
This is... extremely salty.
Uh, and so?
It's so delicious!
Oh, really? Wow,
I had hoped they would be.
I'm so relieved!
[chuckles]
[PAS] I'll protect her delicate,
soft smile
for the rest of my life.
No matter
what trouble comes our way,
I'll fend it off.
I'll keep her safe.
May I have another?
Of course!
[PAS] This world
is getting sweeter every day.
[Pas chomping]
Mmm. Nice and salty.
[PAS] Next time
on Sweet Reincarnation.
"Honey for Sweets
and a Reservoir
"for the Villages."
Bon appétit!